docs: adds `rover.apollo.dev` to data privacy page (#452)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/data-privacy.md

| **Latest URLs**                                       |
| `https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com`       | Metrics reporting from the [Apollo Router](/router/configuration/apollo-telemetry) (v0.1.0+), [Apollo Server](./metrics/sending-operation-metrics/) (v2.18.0+), and third-party API servers                   |
| `https://schema-reporting.api.apollographql.com`      | Schema registration via schema reporting in Apollo Server (v2.18.0+) and third-party API servers           |

> | `https://rover.apollo.dev`                            | All [Rover CLI](/rover/) commands when telemetry is enabled, `rover supergraph compose` when fetching new plugin versions, all `rover template` commands, and once a day to check for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://rover.apollo.dev`                            | The [Rover CLI](/rover/)—all commands if [telemetry is enabled](/rover/privacy), `rover supergraph compose` when fetching new plugin versions, all `rover template` commands, and once per day to check for version updates |
```

> | `https://api.apollographql.com/graphql`               | All [Rover CLI](/rover/) (v0.6+) commands that communicate with GraphOS, along with all requests to the [GraphOS Platform API](./platform-api/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://api.apollographql.com/graphql`               | All [Rover CLI](/rover/) (v0.6+) commands that communicate with GraphOS, along with all requests to the [GraphOS Platform API](./platform-api/) |
```

Reviewer: This was missing, might as well add 🤷
